feat: Enable Antrea plugin on Windows Nodes (#3597)
Azure/aks-engine: examples/networkpolicy/README.md

      }
```

> Antrea can be enabled for both Linux and Windows nodes. For Windows nodes, minimum kubernetes version required is 1.18. Also, Antrea requires Open Source OVS for networking and enforcing network policies. Open Source OVS is not signed. So, TestSigning mode is enabled for Windows node to ensure OVS datapath could forward packets correctly. Currently Antrea for Windows nodes support is in Beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes 1.18+,  Antrea can be enabled Windows nodes.  Antrea for Windows requires Open Source OVS for networking and enforcing network policies. For the initial implementation in aks-engine, Open Source OVS is not signed. See [this conversation](https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine/pull/3597/files#r458363545) to learn more about the requirements.  TestSigning mode is enabled for Windows node to ensure OVS datapath can forward packets correctly.   Antrea support for Windows nodes is in Beta.
```

Author: Done
